Added callout to Metric Name Pricing Customers on Volume Management Page (#37431)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/metrics/volume.md

Cloud-based applications generate massive amounts of data, which can be overwhelming for your organization as it scales. Observability costs become a significant budget item but core observability teams lack visibility into what is truly valuable to each individual engineering team. Individual teams are less incentivized to be proactive in helping manage this growth because they have limited insights into the costs of the metrics and tags they're submitting.

> <div class="alert alert-danger">For customers on the [Metric Name Pricing model][7], please refer to this [guide][8] to better optimize your metric usage.</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info">For customers on the <a href="https://docs.datadoghq.com/account_management/billing/metric_name_pricing/">Metric Name Pricing model</a>, see the <a href="https://docs.datadoghq.com/metrics/guide/metric_name_pricing_experience/">guide</a> to optimize your metric usage.</div>
```

[4]: https://app.datadoghq.com/metric/volume?bulk_manage_tags=true&facet.query_activity=-queried&sort=volume_total
[5]: #reduce-metric-volume-and-cost
[6]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/account_management/billing/custom_metrics/?tab=countrategauge
[7]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/account_management/billing/metric_name_pricing/

> [8]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/metrics/guide/metric_name_pricing_experience/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
